>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let me step
through this slide real quick and
a couple of slides.
And, we’ll actually kind
of see this in action.
Fortunately, a lot of what
I’m going to tell you,
to see it light generates for us.
And, so I had a live template
that I use to use because I’m
doing this stuff over and over.
So, I just created this
hotkey in WebStorm.
Well now the CLI just generates
kind of that exact thing so
that's what I use so it's gonna make
things a lot easier as I go through this.
So, karma is the test runner,
it's installed by default and
configured, when you create a project,
occasionally, you will need to step in and
adjust something.
And that's in the karma.conf.js file.
And kind of the default pattern,
as we've seen, is that specs or
tests are identified with
this .spec.ts structure.
So if you have that naming
convention on your file,
then that is what it's gonna pick it
up and it's automatically gonna run it.
When Karma runs, it's just gonna say look
for anything that matches this convention
and I'm willing to try to run it because
we're presuming test are in here.
And so from here, MPM test,
and it does its thing and
then hopefully at the bottom
it is Green all the way.
So this is almost like I would
say Pavlovian, in a way.
So if you know Pavlov's dogs,
you start to get kind of,
I feel like there's a dopamine
release when I go green.
It's pretty nice.
Also Karma will run the test in
a natural browser instance and so
what you see is when you run this,
it will do this in a moment,
you're actually gonna see
a browser window pop up, and
stuff is going to happen, what this allows
us to do is once you see the output but
more importantly is that we can step
through the test in the browser.
And so when this window pops
up you can hit debug and
actually set break points and walk through
the test in the Chrome developer console,
if that's what you're using.
So, I'm just assuming Chrome,
kind of as just the default, but
you can actually set
different browser targets.
So we're using Chrome but
you can say I need to do it on Firefox.
I need to see that it runs in whatever.
You can even use selenium to actually run
a headless browser or different things.
So, let's say you're running things
on this automated ci server, well,
it doesn’t actually even have
to run in a browser instance.
It can actually run in like
a headless browser in memory.
So this is a really handy way for
stepping through and
saying what’s actually
happening in my text.
And so let’s go and
you kinda got a really simple test here.
I'm gonna just skip these for
a second, and
I'll just walk through what
this actually looks like.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I think I'll do this
from M P M G C.
Think about those fries, so
we'll go with the fries component.
And I actually in this case,
I don't care if it gets added but.
Just muscle memory by now.
What?
That's not npm, c
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right,
from here, I'm gonna step in and
you're gonna see a fully working spec.
Let's not worry about that right now,
what I'm going to do
is for now, let's see here,
I know this is bigger but,
I don't think there is really any
advantage of running this in the terminal
so I'm just gonna do it from here.
Npm test.
So we're just gonna let this run.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
so you should notice that over here,
this is this karma window that I was
talking about, so it's just gonna
kick up an instance of chrome.
And It's going to kinda do its thing.
So it's building it up.
We’ll let it just look in here.
So you actually even saw some
of the components flying by,
which is kind of interesting,
but it's all green.
So from here we can fully debug and
it will actually run it again and
you can step through, in the dev tools.
So this is really handy, being able to
step through your test in real time as
they're running.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
just a simple test is we have it, and
so this is just a way to segment it, so
this is we're saying this is a test,
and we'll say it(should be true).
And then from here, we'll just say we
expect false to be truthy.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
hopefully,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This is going to fail.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah.
Here you can say, just bump this up.
Expected false to be truthy.
Clearly, duh.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That's not going to
work, so true this is actually watching
the files and as you start to just work.
Sometimes what I'll do is I'll just let
this run, maybe in another window or
another two monitors.
And as you just kind of can see
as you're coding of I just broke
something.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
this is a very, very simple test.
Now, we're just simply saying.
And so this is Jasmine right here,
some descriptive name,
and then we do our search.